RN draft (#1941)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/continuous-delivery.md

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

> ## Latest - May 26, 2023, version 79411

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Latest - May 26, 2023, version 79414
```

```mdx-code-block
<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="What's new">
```

- Edit Git details for pipelines stored using Harness Git Experience. (CDS-69130)
  
  You can now edit the Git metadata in the pipelines and input sets you use in your Git-synced Harness pipelines.

  You can edit the Harness Git connector, repository, and path to the YAML file.

>   To edit the Git details, select Edit Git Metadata in the pipelines and input sets listing pages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To edit the Git details, select **Edit Git Metadata** in the pipelines and input sets listing pages. 
```

  <docimage path={require('./static/d3ae175d36c932027045989f3c6d5b8b35ff3f50d7dec64195f1e1a264b4f577.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />  

  <docimage path={require('./static/87cae6dd20947c866629d225293d41ad83be7848061537e28efd2def8e14ea48.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />

- Step group templates can now be used in custom and deploy stages. (CDS-68210, ZD-43059)
  

>   The same step group template can be used in a **Custom** or **Deploy** stage type.

Reviewer: Is this line needed? The next line covers this info.

  <docimage path={require('./static/64a3aee31250b15c98b4978994ca1ff14e720b2d739c8feec72fdee12d6220a7.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />

  The same step group template can be used in both **Custom** or **Deploy** stage types if the step group does not contain steps that are specific to the **Deploy** stage type.

- New default Git connector for Git Experience (CDS-66921)

>   You can now set the default Git connector for Git Experience pipelines and input sets. The default Git connector will be selected whenever a user performs create or import operations with Git Experience entities. The default connector can be changed at any time and another connector can be used when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can now set the default Git connector for Git Experience pipelines and input sets. The default Git connector will be selected whenever you create or import operations with Git Experience entities. The default connector can be changed at any time and another connector can be used when needed.
```

>   You select the default connector in your project/org/account **Default Settings**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You select the default connector in your project, org, or account **Default Settings**:
```

  <docimage path={require('./static/abb924b38a23ab57c26b3703d7c38e096eb60005625a6dfcd42793d503553a6e.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />

- Approval step notifications. (CDS-31886, ZD-43905)
  
  Notifications are sent once a Harness [Approval step](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/approvals) is approved or rejected. Harness sends the approval details along with the status.

  Notifications are sent to the destinations set up in the user group(s) listed in the Approval step's **Approvers** setting. This includes email, Slack, PagerDuty, and MS Teams.

  ![picture 87](static/fa61423c00604c9a2d1dcf3cd2e8c040d71992791e34abf983eb5befe8640159.png)

  For information on setting up notifications for user groups, go to [Add and manage user groups](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/User-Management/add-user-groups).

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```

This release does not include any early access features.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

> - Selecting stages in Triggers was resetting to all stages in the YAML editor. (CDS-69725)

Reviewer: triggers

  
  Now Harness avoids sending multiple API calls for merge, and stage selecting works as intended.

  ![picture 88](static/ee0f296b5c9ed5249f409415b8a1dbb6b901ceed5e3b7118ee1ad40a6f93b77d.png)  

> - Infrastructure provisioning steps were missing for Google Function and AWS Lambda	Serverless	deployment types. (CDS-69595)

Reviewer: There is extra space between words here but looks ok in local. Please double check.

  
  Now both deployment types include [infrastructure provisioning steps](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/provision-infrastructure).

> - Add support to fetch resolved service for evaluating repo format for artifactory artifact source	Artifacts, CDS UI	CDS-69485	45064	Users can now get the approval status of a JIRA or ServiceNow Ticket and pass in via Runtime in the Pipeline run form	Yes	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unable to fetch resolved services for evaluating repository format for Artifactory artifact source. (CDS-69485	45064)	

This issues is fixed. You  can now get the approval status of a JIRA or ServiceNow ticket and pass it at runtime during a pipeline execution.
```

Reviewer: Please check if this is technically accurate.

> - getTriggerDetails API was returning incorrect code (CDS-69329, ZD-44372)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The getTriggerDetails API was returning incorrect code (CDS-69329, ZD-44372)
```

>   [getTriggerDetails](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Triggers/#operation/getTriggerDetails) API was returning a 200 status code when it was not able to find a Trigger. Now it returns a 404 status code and appropriate error message.

Reviewer: trigger

>   [getTriggerDetails](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Triggers/#operation/getTriggerDetails) API was returning a 200 status code when it was not able to find a Trigger. Now it returns a 404 status code and appropriate error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The [getTriggerDetails](https://apidocs.harness.io/tag/Triggers/#operation/getTriggerDetails) API was returning a 200 status code when it was not able to find a Trigger. Now it returns a 404 status code and appropriate error message.
```

- Pipelines services listing was limited to 100. (CDS-69273)
  
  Now the services list is paginated and all services can be viewed.
- CD license utilization data was not reported for some accounts. (CDS-69101)
  

>   [License usage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/get-started/service-licensing-for-cd/) was not retrieving the required information because the query to retrieve the license usage can exceed the connection timeout.

Reviewer: ..exceeded the connection timeout.

>   [License usage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/get-started/service-licensing-for-cd/) was not retrieving the required information because the query to retrieve the license usage can exceed the connection timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [License usage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-delivery/get-started/service-licensing-for-cd/) was not retrieving the required information because the query to retrieve the license usage exceeded the connection timeout.
```

  This issue has been resolved. The license usage now retrieves the required information in batches to avoid read timeout.

> - Deployment Template connector variable expressions were not resolving. (CDS-68880)

Reviewer: Deployment template

> - Deployment Template connector variable expressions were not resolving. (CDS-68880)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deployment template connector variable expressions were not resolving. (CDS-68880)
```

  
  You can access information about the connectors used in a deployment template using connector variable expressions (for example, `<+stage.spec.infrastructure.output.variable.[name]>`). 
  
  <docimage path={require('./static/0e40fbf0db025ce3330a7b4e7352a8203acb51d5a06653b1b010a279e2f42cc5.png')} width="60%" height="60%" title="Click to view full size image" />
  

>   These were not resolving but this has been fixed.	

Reviewer: This issue is fixed.

>   These were not resolving but this has been fixed.	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This issue is fixed.	
```

> - Multi service stage templates could not be saved with fixed values. (CDS-68848, ZD-44569)

Reviewer: Multi-service

> - Multi service stage templates could not be saved with fixed values. (CDS-68848, ZD-44569)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multi-service stage templates could not be saved with fixed values. (CDS-68848, ZD-44569)
```

>   Users were unable to save multi service pipelines when changing the type from **Runtime** to **Fixed Value**.

Reviewer: multi-service

>   Users were unable to save multi service pipelines when changing the type from **Runtime** to **Fixed Value**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Users were unable to save multi-service pipelines when changing the type from **Runtime** to **Fixed Value**.
```

>   This is now fixed and you can save multi services as fixed values in stage templates.

Reviewer: multiple services

>   This is now fixed and you can save multi services as fixed values in stage templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is now fixed and you can save multiple services as fixed values in stage templates.
```

- Encrypted config file opens secret text instead of secret file. (CDS-68601)
  
  Config files should only support encrypted files, so we removed encrypted text for config files in the Harness store.

> - Save button greyed out when variables are added or updated in a service template. (CDS-59320, ZD-43110)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Save button greyed out when variables are added or updated in a service template. (CDS-59320, ZD-43110)
```

Harness deploys changes to Harness SaaS clusters on a progressive basis. This means that the features and fixes that these release notes describe may not be immediately available in your cluster. To identify the cluster that hosts your account, go to the **Account Overview** page. 
:::

> ## Latest - May 26, 2023, version 79414

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Latest - June 01, 2023, version 79414
```

  ![picture 87](static/fa61423c00604c9a2d1dcf3cd2e8c040d71992791e34abf983eb5befe8640159.png)

  For information on setting up notifications for user groups, go to [Add and manage user groups](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/User-Management/add-user-groups).

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Early access">
```

This release does not include any early access features.

```mdx-code-block
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Fixed issues">
```

- Selecting stages in Triggers was resetting to all stages in the YAML editor. (CDS-69725)
  
  Now Harness avoids sending multiple API calls for merge, and stage selecting works as intended.

  ![picture 88](static/ee0f296b5c9ed5249f409415b8a1dbb6b901ceed5e3b7118ee1ad40a6f93b77d.png)  

- Infrastructure provisioning steps were missing for Google Function and AWS Lambda	Serverless	deployment types. (CDS-69595)
  
  Now both deployment types include [infrastructure provisioning steps](https://developer.harness.io/docs/category/provision-infrastructure).

> - Unable to fetch the approval status of a JIRA or ServiceNow ticket in the **Artifact Path** drop-down as runtime inputs during pipeline execution. (CDS-69485, ZD-45064)	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unable to fetch the approval status of a JIRA or ServiceNow ticket in the **Artifact Path** drop-down when running a pipeline. (CDS-69485, ZD-45064)	
```

> This issues is fixed. You  can now get the approval status of a JIRA or ServiceNow ticket and pass it at runtime during a pipeline execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This issues is fixed. Support has been added to poll the get approval API to fetch and update the ticket status field for JIRA and ServiceNow approval during a pipeline execution.
```

>   This issues is fixed. Support has been added to poll the get approval API to fetch and update the ticket status field for JIRA and ServiceNow approval during a pipeline execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This issues is fixed. Support has been added to poll the get approval API to fetch and update the ticket status field for JIRA and ServiceNow approvals during a pipeline execution.
```
